the galley all good maxim games bringing
for you an analysis of the game worth
heart the great war released on the 25th of
June 2014 to Playstation 3 on 4 PC
xbox 360 and an an
produced by Ubisoft using the
byatt framework the same used
previously not man and not
chade of light that has already made a
here on the channel too and if you
has not seen it yet
you can click on the video that's there
appearing on the screen now and
redirected to it several heart the
great time is a lot of adventure bread
well done
another great work from ubisoft that
they can engage the player by their
style your touching story and
exciting and in his own way somewhat
how innovative to portray a war
if the first world war
war is something cruel and very hard something
completely inhumane and ubisoft
managed to rescue this in brave
leaving aside the stereotype of
war game where it all comes down to
network shots without disease and maybe the point
the strongest of the game the present humanity
in history is your greatest triumph.
scenarios consist of the vast majority of
in trenches or sites devastated by
war the soundtrack and the effects
sounds are very good and combine
perfectly with what's happening
in these locations
able to bring the player the moment
of pure involvement
the dollar
inspired by facts and real letters
shared during the war that for
signal can be beautiful during the game on
menu valente hearts is a game where
We will solve puzzles for
progress in narrative scenarios in 2d
in which we have to overcome the
present obstacles
the game does not have a level of difficulty
on the contrary it arrives at
being easy has tips along the way that
explain what the player should do more
This does not detract from the game or the
makes it less captivating despite being a
negative point when you first start
presented to the thousand who is summoned
to defend the allies of the advances
Germany in 1991
military training already has an age
advanced what worries your daughter Marie
which in turn still see her husband the lime
the German immigrant being forcibly
Germany, just like in a thousand
for military training the parts for
can take up arms
as soon as possible but the history of
game is not just a drama and
sadness
it also shows us noble spirits
which make the conflict part of the
voluntary nurses, which leads us to
belgian ana
the focus also passes through fred a
inspirational courageous american living
more fighting and has a narrative
most heroic they all rely on the
help from the lofty adorable dog of
rescue that can help solve
problems
some are stronger and more heroic
but the combination of all is what brings the
desired result history
the game is very short and takes an average
five hours for the player to
finish it
Valente heart The great time is a great time.
game for its look and its
narrative that can provide a
story with humorous content and
lovely even if it happens in one of the
periods of humanity
the ubisoft of a good lesson about being
original when representing a war in
games the note of this game could not be
less than nine
I hope you have enjoyed this
analysis is that they play this game with
sure it's worth it and if you
liked I left them I liked it and yours
and this helps a lot in the
evaluation of this video in his
also leave comments with suggestions and
if you are new to the channel sign up and
follow the next videos do not
forget to follow us in the
social networks and lowering the
channel to always stay on top of
everything happens here
That's it, folks, until next time.
we are much easier to pass in a group
so there he was the boss of danger one
Agent found something here is not a
item this experience even I thought
that we could take this from here is the
people broke now we got some
thing a god that is is an item of a
container of a lamp to us
then learned cultural